Fix ICE when emitting event from another contract (#14434)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Bugfixes:

>  * NatSpec: Fix failed assertion when requesting userdoc or devdoc for contracts that emit events from other contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * NatSpec: Fix internal error when requesting userdoc or devdoc for a contract that emits an event defined in a foreign contract or interface.
```
